chore: update slack to discord in readmes (#9724)
sanity-io/sanity: packages/sanity/README.md

  <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/sanity?style=flat">
  <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@sanity/client?style=flat">
  <img alt="" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/sanity.svg?style=flat">

>   <a aria-label="Join the Sanity community" href="https://snty.link/community">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <a aria-label="Join the Sanity community" href="https://www.sanity.io/community/join?utm_source=readme">
```

- Subscribe to our [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/@sanity_io)
- Subscribe to [our blog by RSS](https://www.sanity.io/feed/rss)
- Subscribe to our [newsletter](https://www.sanity.io/newsletter)

> - Join the [Sanity community](https://snty.link/community)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Join the [Sanity community](https://www.sanity.io/community/join?utm_source=readme)
```
